Privacy Policy

Effective as of October 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how Gravity, Inc. processes personal information that we collect through our digital or online properties or services that link to this Privacy Policy (including as applicable, our website, mobile application, marketing activities, live events, and other activities described in this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Service")). Mirro may provide additional or supplemental privacy policies to individuals for specific products or services that we offer at the time we collect personal information.
Mirro provides an AI-enhanced platform that generates and optimizes events in seconds. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that we process on behalf of our business customers while providing the Mirro platform to them. Our use of information that we process on behalf of our business customers may be governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns regarding your personal information that we process on behalf of a business customer, please direct your concerns to that enterprise customer.
NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS: Please see the Notice to European Users section for additional information for individuals located in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom below.
Index
Personal information we collect
How we use your personal information
How we share your personal information
Your choices
Other sites and services
Security
International data transfers
Children
Retention
Changes to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Notice to European Users
Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us. Personal information you may provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:
Contact data, such as your first and last name, email address, billing and mailing addresses, professional title, company name, and phone number.
Demographic data, such as your city, state, country of residence, postal code, and age.
Profile data, such as your username, password, and biographical information.
Communications data based on our exchanges with you, including when you contact us through the Service, social media, or otherwise.
Transactional data, such as information relating to or needed to complete your orders on or through the Service, including payment details, order numbers, and transaction history.
Marketing data, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.
Event data, such as event names, descriptions, venues, dates, attendees, and other information you provide when creating events through Mirro.
User-generated content, such as photos, images, videos, event materials, presentations, and other content or information that you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated metadata.
Contacts data, with your opt-in consent, you may choose to provide the Service with access to your contacts for event invitation purposes.
Other data not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Third-party sources. We may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
Public sources, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.
Private sources, such as data providers and data licensors.
Our business partners, such as co-sponsors or partners with whom we jointly offer services.
Third-party services, such as social media services, that you use to log into or otherwise link to your Service account.
Automatic data collection. We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Service, our communications, and other online services, such as:
Device data, such as your computer or mobile device's operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, unique identifiers, language settings, mobile device carrier, and general location information such as city, state, or geographic area.
Online activity data, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Service, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access.
Communication interaction data, such as your interactions with our email, text, or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through the use of pixel tags (also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Cookies. Some of our automatic data collection is facilitated by cookies and similar technologies. For more information, see our Cookie Notice.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, and improve the Service and our business.
Personalize the Service, including remembering the devices from which you have previously logged in and remembering your selections and preferences as you navigate the Service.
Communicate with you about the Service, including by sending Service-related announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
Communicate with you about events or contests in which you participate.
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications.
Provide support for the Service and respond to your requests, questions, and feedback.
Facilitate event creation, customization, and distribution through our AI-enhanced platform.
Research and development. We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and our business, develop new products and services, and train our artificial intelligence models. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified, and/or anonymized data from personal information we collect. We may use this aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and promote our business.
Marketing. We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for the following marketing purposes:
Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications, including newsletters where you have provided your consent. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described below.
Service improvement and analytics. We may use your personal information to analyze your usage of the Service, improve the Service, improve the rest of our business, help us understand user activity on the Service, and develop new products and services.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas, investigations, or requests from government authorities.
Protect our, your, or others' rights, privacy, safety, or property (including by making and defending legal claims).
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies.
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service.
Prevent, identify, investigate, and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical, or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
With your consent. In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use, or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, in other applicable notices, or at the time of collection.
Service providers. Third parties that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, marketing, consumer research, and website analytics).
Payment processors. Any payment card information you use to make a purchase on the Service is collected and processed directly by our payment processors, such as Stripe. Stripe may use your payment data in accordance with its privacy policy.
Third parties designated by you. We may share your personal information with third parties where you have instructed us or provided your consent to do so.
Business partners. Third parties with whom we co-sponsor events and those with whom we jointly offer services.
Professional advisors. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers, and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Authorities and others. Law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for compliance and protection purposes.
Business transferees. We may disclose personal information in the context of actual or prospective business transactions (e.g., investments in Mirro, financing, public stock offerings, or the sale, transfer, or merger of all or part of our business, assets, or shares).
Other users and the public. Your profile and other user-generated content (except for direct messages) may be visible to other users of the Service and the public if you choose to make your profile or other personal information available to them through the Service.
Your Choices
Opt-out of communications. You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Cookies. For information about cookies employed by the Service and how to control them, see our Cookie Notice.
Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals.
Declining to provide information. We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services.
Linked third-party platforms. If you choose to connect to the Service through your social media account or other third-party platform, you may be able to use your settings in your account with that platform to limit the information we receive from it.
Other Sites and Services
The Service may contain links to websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites, mobile applications, or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications, and online services you use.
Security
We employ a number of technical, organizational, and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies, and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International Data Transfers
We may use service providers that operate in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
Users in Europe should review the Notice to European Users section for information on international data transfers from Europe.
Children
The Service is not intended for use by anyone under 16 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child from whom you believe we have collected personal information in a manner prohibited by law, please contact us using the details in the "How to contact us" section. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Service from a child without the consent of the child's parent or guardian as required by law, we will comply with applicable legal requirements to delete the information.
Retention
We generally retain personal information to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider factors such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the purposes for which we process your personal information, and the applicable legal requirements.
When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you, we may either delete it, anonymize it, or isolate it from further processing.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service or other appropriate means. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the modified version. In all cases, your use of the Service after the effective date of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acknowledgment that the modified Privacy Policy applies to your interactions with the Service and our business.
How to Contact Us
Email: privacy@mirro.app
Mail: Mirro, Inc., [Your Address], [City, State ZIP]

Notice to European Users
General
Where this Notice to European Users applies. The information provided in this "Notice to European Users" section applies only to individuals in the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (i.e., "Europe").
Personal information. References to "personal information" in this Privacy Policy should be understood to include a reference to "personal data" as defined in the GDPR (i.e., the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679).
Controller. Mirro is the controller in respect of the processing of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of the GDPR. See the "How to contact us" section above for our contact details.
Our Legal Bases for Processing
In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your personal information, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a "legal basis" for that use.
Our legal bases for processing your personal information are:
Where we need to perform a contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (Contractual Necessity).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (Legitimate Interests).
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (Compliance with Law).
Where we have your specific consent to carry out the processing for the purpose in question (Consent).
Legitimate Interests: We have a legitimate interest in administering and operating our business, improving our service through understanding how users interact with it and training our artificial intelligence models, sending marketing communications, providing a personalized service, and ensuring the security and proper operation of our Service.
Your Rights
European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information. If you are located in Europe, you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete. Delete your personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
Transfer. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object. Object to our processing of your personal information where we are relying on Legitimate Interests or where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Withdraw Consent. When we use your personal information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Exercising These Rights. You may submit these requests by email to privacy@mirro.app or our postal address provided in the "How to contact us" section. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.
Your Right to Lodge a Complaint. If you are not satisfied with our response to a request you make, or how we process your personal information, you can make a complaint to the data protection regulator in your habitual place of residence.
Data Processing Outside Europe
We are based in the U.S. This means that if you use the Service, your personal information will necessarily be accessed and processed in the U.S. and may be provided to recipients in other countries outside Europe.
We implement appropriate safeguards for data transfers outside Europe, including standard contractual clauses approved by relevant authorities and, where applicable, reliance on adequacy decisions or your explicit consent.
You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of Europe.
